# Cypress JavaScript Testing

This repository contains end-to-end (E2E) tests for the [Sauce Demo](https://www.saucedemo.com/) website using Cypress.

## Project Structure

### Description of Directories and Files

- **cypress/downloads/**: Directory for file downloads during tests.
- **cypress/fixtures/**: Directory for test data.
- **cypress/integration/**: Directory for test files.
  - `buy_item.spec.js`: Test script for buying an item on Sauce Demo.
- **cypress/plugins/**: Directory for custom plugins.
- **cypress/support/**: Directory for support files.
  - `commands.js`: Custom commands for Cypress.
  - `index.js`: Cypress support file.
  - `locators.js`: Contains locators for elements used in tests.
- **cypress/videos/**: Directory for videos recorded during tests.
- **cypress.config.js**: Cypress configuration file.
- **package.json**: Node.js project file that includes project metadata and dependencies.
- **package-lock.json**: Automatically generated file that describes the exact tree that was generated by npm.
- **README.md**: Project documentation.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have the following installed:
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (which includes npm)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/rohitmanekar/cypress-javascript.git
   cd cypress-javascript

2. Install the dependencies:
   npm install

### Running Tests

1. Open the Cypress Test Runner:
    npx cypress open

2. Run the tests in headless mode:
    npx cypress run

### Test Details
The buy_item.spec.js file contains an end-to-end test for buying an item on the Sauce Demo website. The test performs the following steps:

Logs into the website using valid credentials.
Adds the first item to the cart.
Proceeds to the checkout page.
Fills in the checkout information.
Completes the purchase and verifies the success message.
